hello youtube this is another video
brought to you by Mike too and for this
video I'm going to review the hawkish
room this is an amazing room that I've
used and I can tell you this is very
very nice it is blazing fast you can see
look at that very quick and if you're
not still satisfied with this speed you
can even push it to the limit by going
to settings right to go to settings go
to cpu settings and here you go at the
moment the clock is 1.6 you can
overclock it to even a maximum of two
gig that's amazing but for stability i
am actually recommend you clog it up to
about 1.8 that's what i'll do right now
here girl it's applied you can see how
fast it is very quick and as you can see
i have the galaxy s4 team you can see
there the background that's the galaxy
s4 wallpaper and you can see the way the
weather widget is also galaxy s4 bridget
it comes to a lot of galaxy s4 widget
that's the team i'm using now and on
here you can see the s translator you
have the neil s voice for galaxy s4 and
yeah so you have some of the galaxy s4
applications it also can pre-installed
with a nova launcher and also apex
launcher so if you have someone who is
interested in nova launcher here's
another launcher or if you like the epic
launcher he's that one to customize your
galaxy note 2 right so next thing we
have to do let's go to the settings
right once it goes to the Settings you
see half a hawk extra with more extra
settings I can actually play wit all
right let's say try to pin my room
bicycle to pay my room in half amazing
list of options to play with even do our
boot animation where you have multiple
animation display when you put dope the
device back on if you have density
changer at the moment this is such about
320 lets me let me check hey girl so
once you go there you see through 20
which is quite amazing so the display
the pictures and the quality of the
pictures and everything is very crisp
and vibrant you can see the richness of
the ABS us as well it's very amazing all
right it's so amazing the hawkish run
also come with the ink affect the loss
couldn't have the Inca fate look at that
once you click that let me share that
again that's the ink effect right there
so you can with the Inca fit but I can
still burn changed that sort of ink
affect the color i currently have a blue
one but i can change it to other colors
of us were to go to the lock screen
settings right there and then go to the
oceans all right with the options you
have the option to change their ink to
different color if you want can go with
pink orange green let's stroke the green
one so I'll have the green one and go
back to your screen now it's green
you can also change the law screen to a
different one if you don't want pink one
ok let's go into the settings again so
once you go to settings go back to the
lost room and then the law screen
options all right you have the option of
selecting it äôs p loss screen so once
you take it and go back to the lost grim
you see a different loss grown they go
he use that one to unlock it or if you
want you can go back to the int 1 ok so
this room also come with the more to
windows control with a motive in this
control you can add any up into your
quick up drawer session so what you can
do is to get it started you click on the
more to you lose control once you click
on the motive in this control you click
on add applications and then you click
add an application yeah and here we go
you have the option to choose any up
that you want to add into your app
drawer so let me just give this a go
what I'll do is let me add something
alright let's see I saw shoes yard it's
odd your spokes once you click it it
comes here then here the back one and
you kill it just start all right once
you've done that click that one hit it
up draw you edit and there you go you're
a sports writer there and all you need
to do is as you always do you want it
and drag it there the room come with
about 25 toggles so see the tacos there
you have the option to select up to
about 25 different options let's go to
the settings for that once you go to the
settings
it goes to toggle settings and where the
toggle settings you can choose a
multiple worm toggles us you weren't
here you go that's the tacos it's after
about 25 of them to choose from and you
can arrange them anywhere that you want
so once you go back you go he can change
the order as up here so you can move any
trouble anywhere you want you just tap
on it go and drag it down tout
their type move it up if you use Wi-Fi a
lot can move it around it also comes
with the tube mate where you can
download YouTube videos very easily so
you have a youtube video up there all
you need to do is you click the download
option right there you have the option
to download or watch it it's quite
amazing this option alright so anyway
this is the review of the hawkish room
if you do like this video like and
subscribe and let me know what you think
about this rum if you have use it how
you like it and if you don't like it let
me know all right thank you for watching
hope to hear from you from your comment
all right bye-bye